What do you want to make public the appearance of Lord King's Landing?
Didn't you say Mibufa San?
No matter how secret it is, it can't be covered up forever
So the Lord of King's Landing is really dead
Nonsense, if Lord King's Landing is still alive
His identity is a secret and can be disclosed at will
Xiao Junlin, I'm really a soldier
I don't think he's even a soldier
It just so happens that the name is not the word King's Landing
In the army?
A cook at most
Ouch, then we were all deceived by him just now.
I see something wrong with this kid
I even went up to him to curry favor with him
Miss Chu, we just now
They were all deceived by Xiao Junlin, that trash
I just said a lot of offensive things
Miss Chu, you have a large number of adults
Don't argue with us.
I apologize to you on behalf of the Ye family.
apologize
late
Didn't your Ye family just want to isolate my Chu family?
From today onwards
The Chu family officially announced
The whole of Shangjing
If anyone dares to negotiate with the Ye family again
That is to oppose my Chu family
It is even more against the big shots behind my Chu family
Miss Chu, Miss Chu, stay
Miss Chu
Oops, it's over, it's over
We're done.